The first place where I want to tap into my provided orders object is in the cart screen of course
when we do press that order now button, this here. In onPressed, I want to use my orders and call add
order.
So I will need to get my orders class here because I'll need to provide it here
and I want to provide it
down there in onPressed with providers of orders and of course, pass context as an argument and it's
not providers but just provider. I can call add order and now pass my data to the order and the data I need
to pass here is the content of my cart and the total. It's pretty easy to do because we've got access
to the cart here and we can get both pieces of information from the cart.
So here, I pass cart.items and then simply values here to list to convert the cart item objects
into a list of cart item objects instead of passing the whole map,
so I'm just passing a list of my concrete cart item objects and for the total,
we got cart.totalAmount, right? So that's in the end what I pass here as a total for the order.
Important,
I don't want to listen to that orders provider because here I'm not interested in changes in my orders,
I only want to dispatch an action. So I'll set listen to false here, to not listen to changes in my orders.
And now with that, we're dispatching this,
I also want to clear my cart here and I can do this on my cart,
the cart variable here is coming from this listener and there, I want to call clear and now of course
here, up there, I am listening to my cart
and that's important because clear will now actually clear all elements from the cart and then call
notifyListeners
and that is of course something which should be reflected in a cart screen.
So it's good that I'm listening to changes in cart here but not to changes in orders. Let's give that
a try,
do a full refresh here maybe and then let's add a couple of items to the cart here and let's click order
now and you see, this clears the cart, we get no confirmation about our order that was placed,
so that's probably something we should add
and of course, we can't view our orders.
So that's the missing piece, that we now also need an orders page which allows us to see our orders.